✨ Add Video Intelligence Player extension (#30526)
ampproject/amphtml: extensions/amp-vi-player/amp-vi-player.md

---
$category@: media
formats:
  - websites
teaser:
  text: Displays a Video Intelligence Player.
---

<!--
Copyright 2020 The AMP HTML Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS-IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# amp-vi-player

## Usage

Displays a [Video Intelligence Player](https://www.vi.ai/).
The `width` and `height` attributes determine the aspect ratio of the player embedded in responsive layouts.
For configuration information, please check [docs.vi.ai/](https://docs.vi.ai/general/integrations/).

### Example

```html
<amp-vi-player
  data-publisher-id="test_amp_vi_player"
  data-channel-id="test_channel"
  layout="responsive"
  width="480"
  height="270"
>
</amp-vi-player>
```

> ## Attributes
> 
> ### `data-publisher-id`
> 
> Video Intelligence publisher id. This can be found in the Video Intelligence management dashboard.
> 
> ### `data-channel-id`
> 
> Video Intelligence channel id. This can be found in the Video Intelligence management dashboard.

Reviewer: 1. Link to your documentation page when referring to `Video Intelligence management dashboard` since it's a concept foreign to AMP.

3. I'm not familiar with `IAB`, either link a documentation page or expand the initialism.

2. Since these are all just vendor params, maybe specify where they can be found only once.

```suggestion
## Attributes

`data-` attributes specify and configure the included video. These can be found in [the Video Intelligence management dashboard.](https://vi.ai/example/manual/dashboard).

### `data-publisher-id`

Video Intelligence publisher id. 

### `data-channel-id`

Video Intelligence channel id. 

<!-- etc -->
```

Author: Done. Please have a look now.
